Defines "automated testing" and "mocking" (#97)
DanNixon/sine2020_software_guidelines_paper: guidelines_for_collaborative_development_of_sustainable_data_treatment_software.tex

The quality of the software is one of the most important factors influencing the long-term success of the project.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The next line only makes sense as part of the same paragraph.

When it comes to automated testing, the GUI is arguably the layer that is the hardest to test.
However, there are techniques and tools that allow sufficient automation of GUI testing.
Among those is the separation of the logic into tiers, e.g. Model-View-Presenter (MVP), where the model and the presenter can be covered by unit tests with mocking.

> Mocking is a technique in which a specific part of a codebase is tested by replacing components that it interacts with with "mock" components that allow injection of known values, checking function calls, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mocking is a technique that allows specific components of a codebase (e.g. functions, classes) to be replaced within a test.
These replacements can return known values and count how many times they have been called.
```

Author: Yes, but that doesn't actually explain the concept of mocking, only what you actually do (not actually why you do it).

Reviewer: we can add a line ``` Mocking is usually used to remove the expensive pieces of code that are tested elsewhere and GUI's ```

What should we put for the concept?

Author: ```suggestion
Mocking is a technique in which a specific part of a codebase is tested by replacing components that it interacts with with "mock" components.
This removes the dependency on other parts of the software and allows components of a complex system to be tested in isolation.
A common place this is done is the presenter layer of an MVP GUI.
```

Wording could be improved but this says all the important things.

Reviewer: Have we defined MVP at this point? Also I dislike the "mock" components, because we are defining mocking by using the word mock. Does that make sense?

Author: "mock" is a general term in the English language, here it does not refer to the testing practice.

The last line is an example that could just be removed.

Reviewer: I meant more do we need to say model view presenter. 

you have a double with before mock.

Author: > I meant more do we need to say model view presenter.

If not then we should just remove it, without it it is too vague.

Author: Actually MVP is mentioned before here anyway.
